[docs] move stubbed content to new repo with customised sidebar.yaml (#34)
Zilliqa/zilliqa-developer: docs/zilevm/developer-rpc.md

---
id: developer-rpc
title: RPC
keywords:
  - RPC
description: Specification of ZILEVM RPC Endpoint
---

---

> ## RPC API specification

Reviewer: This could have a better title. We aren't giving a specification for an API. We're simply stating which bits of an already specified API we support.

What about "Supported JSON-RPC APIs"? @valeryz ?

### Fully supported APIs

> eth_getStorageAt
> eth_getCode
> eth_getBalance
> eth_blockNumber
> web3_clientVersion
> web3_sha3
> net_version
> net_listening
> net_peerCount
> eth_protocolVersion
> eth_chainId
> eth_mining (alway returns false)
> eth_getBlockTransactionCountByHash
> eth_getBlockTransactionCountByNumber
> eth_getUncleCountByBlockHash
> eth_getUncleCountByBlockNumber
> eth_call
> eth_getTransactionCount
> eth_getTransactionByHash
> eth_getTransactionByBlockHashAndIndex
> eth_getTransactionByBlockNumberAndIndex
> eth_sendRawTransaction
> eth_newFilter
> eth_newBlockFilter
> eth_newPendingTransactionFilter
> eth_uninstallFilter
> eth_getFilterChanges
> eth_getFilterLogs
> eth_getLogs
> eth_subscribe
> eth_unsubscribe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `eth_getStorageAt`
* `eth_getCode`
* `eth_getBalance`
* `eth_blockNumber`
* `web3_clientVersion`
* `web3_sha3`
* `net_version`
* `net_listening`
* `net_peerCount`
* `eth_protocolVersion`
* `eth_chainId`
* `eth_mining (alway returns false)`
* `eth_getBlockTransactionCountByHash`
* `eth_getBlockTransactionCountByNumber`
* `eth_getUncleCountByBlockHash`
* `eth_getUncleCountByBlockNumber`
* `eth_call`
* `eth_getTransactionCount`
* `eth_getTransactionByHash`
* `eth_getTransactionByBlockHashAndIndex`
* `eth_getTransactionByBlockNumberAndIndex`
* `eth_sendRawTransaction`
* `eth_newFilter`
* `eth_newBlockFilter`
* `eth_newPendingTransactionFilter`
* `eth_uninstallFilter`
* `eth_getFilterChanges`
* `eth_getFilterLogs`
* `eth_getLogs`
* `eth_subscribe`
* `eth_unsubscribe`
```

Reviewer: Similar formatting should apply to the other lists. Right now the rendered version looks messy (at least in GitHub).

> ### Partially supported API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Partially supported APIs
```

> Partially usually means returning some constant value or partial value, which is satisfying the current testing needs, but will have to be extended in the future for the full implementation.

Reviewer: Since there are only 2 partially supported APIs, I think it would be better to just describe under each one what the caveats are. (like we're almost doing in parentheses, but in more words)

Author: I have no idea what the caveats are. Can we come back to filling this copy later?

Reviewer: I'll suggest something.

> Partially usually means returning some constant value or partial value, which is satisfying the current testing needs, but will have to be extended in the future for the full implementation.
> 
> eth_accounts (always returns an empty set of accounts)
> eth_syncing (always returns false)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `eth_accounts` - Will always return an empty set of accounts
* `eth_syncing` - Will always return false
```

### Will not be supported

> Mostly APIs related to submission of mining work and deprecated APIs.

Reviewer: IMO this sentence is unnecessary.
